[14.0][ADD] mrp_subcontracting_inhibit: New module (#838)
OCA/manufacture: mrp_subcontracting_inhibit/README.rst

This module allows to inhibit such behavior, acting as a regular purchase, as
this may not be convenient in some cases, as on manufacturing world, it's
frequent that your vendor sells you directly the same product without you
providing any raw material depending on lead times, material availability, etc.
A check is provided at purchase order line level for easily disable the
subcontracting part, as well as the same check at stock rule for propagating
the preference from replenishment option.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Settings*.
#. Check 'Multi-Step Routes' checkbox in *Warehouse* section.

Usage
=====

#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Routes* and edit 'Buy' rule and check 'Subcontracting inhibit'.
#. Go to *Inventory > Products > Product* and create some product called 'Subcontract product' and Purchase tab as follows:
#. [Vendor line 1] Vendor: Azure Interior, Subcontracting inhibited: Yes, Price: 5.
#. [Vendor line 2] Vendor: Azure Interior, Subcontracting inhibited: No, Price: 10.
#. Go to *Inventory > Products > Product* and create other product called 'Component'.

> #. Go to *Manufacturing > Products > Bill of materials* and create a new one with type = "Subcontracting" related to 'Subcontract product' and set 'Component' product.

Reviewer: This two steps should go before to be able to edit the subcontracting inhibited field in the supplierinfo.

Author: Ok you're right, it's already changed. Thanks!

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fmanufacture-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/manufacture/tree/14.0/mrp_subcontracting_inhibit
    :alt: OCA/manufacture
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/manufacture-14-0/manufacture-14-0-mrp_subcontracting_inhibit
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/129/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This module allows to inhibit subcontracting from purchase order according to a checbox defined at rule level that is passed on to the purchase order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a product has a bill of materials (BoM) of subcontracting type, and the
vendor is included in the list of subcontractors of such BoM, when doing a
purchase order for such vendor and product, it will always generate a
subcontracting order.

This module allows to inhibit such behavior, acting as a regular purchase, as
this may not be convenient in some cases, as on manufacturing world, it's
frequent that your vendor sells you directly the same product without you
providing any raw material depending on lead times, material availability, etc.

A check is provided at purchase order line level for easily disable the
subcontracting part, as well as the same check at stock rule for propagating
the preference from replenishment option.
```

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Settings*.
#. Check 'Multi-Step Routes' checkbox in *Warehouse* section.

> Usage

Reviewer 2: Put first the direct PO flow, and then comment about the option to propagate from replenishment.

#. Go to *Manufacturing > Products > Bill of materials* and create a new one with type = "Subcontracting" related to first product and set component.
#. Go to *Inventory > Products > Product* and go to the product initially created.
#. Click on the 'Replenish' button, select 'Buy' in Preferred Routes field and click on the 'Confirm' button.
#. A new purchase order will have been created, go to *Purchase > Orders > Requests for Quotation* and enter it.
#. Click on the 'Confirm Order' button.
#. A production order will not have been created.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/manufacture/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/manufacture/issues/new?body=module:%20mrp_subcontracting_inhibit%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

> * Tecnativa

Reviewer 2: Missing contributors file with our 2 names.
